Update codefresh.md (#17530)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/pipelines/codefresh.md

- **Partial pipelines**: View partially retried and downstream pipeline executions

- **Manual steps**: View manually triggered pipelines

> - **Parameters**: Set custom parameters (e.g. [Codefresh variables][6]) when a pipeline is triggered 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Parameters**: Set custom parameters (for example, [Codefresh variables][6]) when a pipeline is triggered 
```
